====================================
PY210 Programming in Python
====================================
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
lesson04: Dictionaries, Sets and Files
---------------------------------------------------------------------------- 

No CodingBat activities this time but some ungraded tasks using dictionaries and sets and another interesting one with 
file reading, dictionaries, text manipulation based on 'trigrams'. Trigram analysis takes an input text and, from it,
generates a new text based on word order in the original text. There is some randomness so each run results in a unique output text. 
The new text seems somewhat realistic but surreal. You can read about trigrams 
`here <http://codekata.com/kata/kata14-tom-swift-under-the-milkwood/>`_ and see some of the output my 
code generated below. I've included the Project Gutenberg text file of *The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes* so you play
with my code, if you want.

The assignment is a continuation of the donor mailing application started in lesson03.

Trigram Output
==============

Input text: The short story collection *The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes*
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
Cook, of the house, he beat his native butler to death in that part is a small bedroom, which looked from one who has a prior claim to--the whole situation became absolutely clear. She had hardly flashed through my poor father met his fate while indiscreetly playing with a little pallet bed, a plain wooden chair against the windows. This strange, wild story seemed to be before me. Now, let me out 
of training entirely, is middle-aged, that his whole Bohemian soul, remained in the lock. "Which key was not in the year 1869, the movement rather suddenly collapsed, although there have been he who had been in China, and that you won't forgive me? You won't shake hands before his rival vanished; "I will do very nicely. In that case, Miss Stoper, I had acted differently this terrible misfortune might never be seen in the wrong which I found him in the stalls wrapped in the course of the City. Just ring the bell and was advised by him to throw any light upon the pavement with his thick red finger planted halfway down the wall. I knew one or two very much obliged to work upon him. What did they come from?" He ran when he died it was written. "The man who is an excellent explanation why he would never leave his room. He drank a great scandal threatened to raise his hand over his eyes, and I am tempted to give them some paternal advice and to attend to. Will you not see some loophole, some flaw? Do you not think, then, that I have seen anything so simple a question. That's right! Sit down and indistinguishable. Just beyond it, however, at the devil together. If you find it shorter to get a cab and drove back into

Input text: *Alice's Adventures in Wonderland*
----------------------------------------------
'And just as I'd taken the highest tree in the air: it puzzled her too much, so she set to partners--' '--change lobsters, and retire in same order,' continued the Hatter, it woke up again with a growl, And concluded the banquet--] 'What IS the same size: to be a grin, and she was peering about anxiously among the bright flower-beds and the little thing was to twist it up into a tree. 'Did you speak?' 'Not I!' he replied. 'We quarrelled last March--just before HE went mad, you know--' (pointing with his nose Trims his belt and his friends shared their never-ending meal, and the little golden key, and when she was now about a foot high: then she walked up towards it rather timidly, as she couldn't answer either question, it didn't much matter which way she put her hand on the top with its arms and legs in all my limbs very supple By the use of this pool? I am in the air. She did not seem to have been ill.' 'So they were,' said the Caterpillar. 'I'm afraid I can't get out again. Suddenly she came suddenly upon an open place, with a whiting. Now you know.' It was, no doubt: only Alice did not quite like the three gardeners, oblong and flat, with their hands and feet, to make out who was trembling down to look for her, and said, 'So you did, old fellow!' said the last word with such a new kind of sob, 'I've tried the effect of lying down with her face brightened up again.) 'Please 
your Majesty,' said Alice in a voice of the others looked round also, and all the creatures wouldn't be so proud as all that.' 'With extras?' asked the Gryphon, and the moon, and memory, and muchness--you

Input text: *Alice's Adventures in Wonderland* (again)
------------------------------------------------------
March Hare: she thought it over a little of her sister, as well be at school at once.' And in she went. Once more she found it advisable--"' 'Found WHAT?' said the King. Here one of its voice. 'Back to land again, and Alice thought the poor little thing grunted in reply (it had left off sneezing by this very sudden change, but she did not much surprised at her with large round eyes, and feebly stretching out one paw, trying to explain the paper. 'If there's no room at all a proper way of settling all difficulties, great or small. 'Off with her face like the three gardeners at it, busily painting them red. Alice thought over all the while, and fighting for the hot day made her next remark. 'Then the words a little, and then quietly marched off after the rest were quite dry again, the cook and the others took the opportunity of saying to herself, 'in my going out altogether, like a serpent. She had already heard her voice sounded hoarse and strange, and the little crocodile Improve his shining tail, And pour the waters of the Queen's absence, and were quite dry again, the Dodo solemnly, rising to its feet, ran round the court and got behind him, and said to a snail. "There's a porpoise close behind her, listening: so she went on eagerly. 'That's enough about lessons,' the Gryphon never learnt it.' 'Hadn't time,' said the King put on his spectacles. 'Where shall I begin, please your Majesty!' the soldiers had to ask any more questions about it, so she waited. The Gryphon sat up and straightening itself out again, and all her life. Indeed, she had nothing yet,' Alice replied in a very truthful child; 'but little girls eat eggs quite as safe

Input text: *Kafka's Metamorphosis*
------------------------------------------
"On the contrary", said the chief clerk, with a few pieces of furniture being moved after all, much more uneasy than usual. He was especially important; so his mother and put her finger on her lips and made a mistake and turned himself back a little, and only stopped when he had become superfluous which, although they seemed clear enough to maintain them for, perhaps, one or two hours before it was dirty. They had realised, though, that there was no question. "If he could only hear their feet as they all blew the smoke from their decision to move straight ahead. He was standing up straight enough now; dressed in copious fur. He hurried up onto the carpet. His main concern was for relaxation and to go for the benefit of his decisions, as early the next rooms, and whenever he heard the chief clerk in. It was clear that no-one would have wanted, he made it difficult for her and which even through all the talk at every mealtime was about what they would simply sit there staring dry-eyed at the old dung-beetle there!" Gregor never responded to being spoken to him - he could do about it. He was amazed at the state of total despair, and Gregor's back was also open he could advise his sister were here! She was still held bolted in place. In this way was becoming less distinct every day, even things that were quite near; he had not taken her eyes nearly closed with exhaustion; his sister came plaintively: "Gregor? Aren't you well? Do you need teeth in order to spare Gregor's life. III No-one dared to remove all the harder. Across the room, as eating so much food had rounded out his 
body eventually followed slowly in the lock as a precaution

Input text: *Moby Dick*
-----------------------
By midnight the works were in full sight of land, however inland, they have what the fishermen perceive it in the air from the crotch, Ahab held it close to them to address them to the ship. Raising a piercing shriek—“The vial! the vial!” Gabriel called off the heat and wet, have they spoiled thee? Thou seem’st to hold. Or, truer perhaps, life holds thee; not thou it.” “I hold the sea of oil he has. Exception might be distinctly shown how from those who have died exhaling it; and a whaleman, then? even as a thimbleful. Very good; but there might be discovered from our own consciences and all life’s peaceable securities; so that through Captain Peleg’s obstinate mistake touching his future movements. He answered, certainly. In a word, the position was a fine whale which he had no idea of a 
cripple to use their sea bannisters. But this fine young savage—this sea Prince of Wales, never saw the before lifeless head throbbing and heaving just below his shoulder); “yes, caught me as I was groping at midday, with a country-bred one—I mean a downright bumpkin dandy—a fellow that, in many cases such a ducking of ensigns, that there was a crowned king!” “And a very learned judge in set way, 
have been some among the cannibals, had been arrested ere he judge him openly. He charges him thrice the usual orders for securing it for him,” said the Captain and duplicate ship. At the time of capture. But may it not again. Yet dost thou, darker half, rock me with the whale, is not in reasonable nature that a glimpse of this, O young ambition, all mortal interests to that same boat’s crew, he well knows, and which indirectly sprang from his eye, he remained in that typhoon on


